Note on measuring network performance through ICMP (#3445)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbOnline/optimizing-your-network/media-quality-and-network-connectivity-performance.md

<a name="bkNetworkPerf"> </a>

To measure the actual network performance, especially for latency and packet loss, from any company network site to a network Edge, you can use tools such as ping, test against a set of Skype for Business media relay services running from the Microsoft Edge and data center sites. 

> >[!NOTE]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
```

> > Measuring network performance through ping (ICMP) is not effective. For that reason, the anycast IP expose below will stop answering to ICMP requests starting in Jan, 2020. To measure network performace effectively, Microsoft recommends the [Network Assesment Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53885).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Measuring network performance through ping (ICMP) is not effective. For that reason, the _Anycast VIP_ described below will stop answering to ICMP requests as from January, 2020. To measure network performance effectively, we recommend the [Skype for Business Network Assessment Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=53885).
```

> > Measuring network performance through ping (ICMP) is not effective. For that reason, the anycast IP expose below will stop answering to ICMP requests starting in Jan, 2020. To measure network performace effectively, Microsoft recommends the [Network Assesment Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53885).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Measuring network performance through ping (ICMP) is not effective. For that reason, the anycast IP as described below will stop answering to ICMP requests in January, 2020. To measure network performance effectively, we recommend the [Skype for Business Network Assessment Tool](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=53885).
```
